cancer is very preventable when the
medical establishment acknowledge what I
know about this disorder what's causing
it and what we're not doing to prevent
it or treat it it will be recognized as
the greatest tragedy in the history of
medicine Thomas C freed is a professor
of biology genetics and biochemistry who
has dedicated the past 30 years
Gathering scientific evidence on what
could be the true origin and prevention
of cancer cancer is getting worse and
there's no major advance in reducing
death rates and I can speak to the
reasons for that all major cancer
research Center St cancer is a genetic
disease you believe otherwise it's not
whether you believe it's what the data
tell us and the evidence is massive to
support that cancer is a metabolic
disorder and the problem is we're doing
everything we possibly can in our
lifestyle to induce it the scientific
evidence is there like for example we
know that cancer was extremely rare in
African tribes that were living
according to the traditional ways but
when modern lifestyle entered into their
societies cancer out of control we even
did a study on THS we know that wolves
in the wild don't die from cancer but
cancer is the number one killer of
domestic dogs why it's because of our
lifestyle issues and a lot of us are
doing things without the knowledge that
it would put us at risk but with
metabolic therapy you can use it as both
a prevention and a treatment and we're
seeing more and more of terminal cancer
patients outliving their
predictabilities because of this and let
me tell you one thing and remember it if
you do metabolic therapy you can
actually reduce risk for cancer you can
take away the fear and when you say
metabolic therapy tell me what those
things are